PART I
1.	Open with Gliere:	"Russian Sailor's Dance"
Full performance
2.	"For instance, if we play this bit of music, you'll immediately
know it's -- what?"
Liszt: Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 - from Vivace play 8 bars
3.	"What is it (ad lib), or this one :"
Falla: downbeat of 5th bar after #7 (Dance of the Miller's Wife) for 8 bars.
4.	"For instance, see if you can tell the national origin of this."
Webern: Five Pieces for Orchestra - first piece complete
5.	"See if you have any better luck with it."
Mayazumi: Pieces for Prepared Piano and Strings - play first 6 bars and cello ponticello in 7th bar.
6.	"See if you can tell what country it's from."
Babbitt:	Composition for 12 Instruments - Play from beginning to #1 (first 9 bars)
7.	"...by a young Italian composer named Nono."
Nono:	"Incontri" - bars 137-149 (to fermata on downbeat)
L.B. :	(piano illustrations)
8.	"...the flutes are playing their version of "Glory, Glory
Halleluja.":
Ives: 4th of July: Flutes only - from Letter S for 2 bars
Part I (continued)
9.	"A cornet is blaring the first part of "Mine Eyes Have Seen The Glory".:
Ives:	4th of July: Cornets only: from Letter S for 2 bars
10.	"while the trumpets try to top the others with "Columbia The Gem of the Ocean.":
Ives: 4th of July:	trumpets only, from Letter S to Letter U
(perhaps an earlier cutoff)
11.	"At the same time, other people are trying to get through with "Yankee Doodle".":
Ives: 4th of July:	Piano and Xylophone only: Letter S to Letter T
12.	"Now all these tunes go together somehow...(dialogue)...drums, fireworks, and church bells.":
Ives: 4th of July:	TUTTI - Letter S to Letter T
13.	"so if you don't applaud, we'll understand.":
Ives:	4th of July - PLAY COMPLETE WORK.
PART II
1. "Here are scenes and dances from de Falla's ballet, "The Three Cornered Hat".:
Falla:	Three Cornered Hat, Suite No. 1 - COMPLETE WORK
Part III
1.	"...a warm glow from the nationalism that used to be.":
Smetana: The Moldau - COMPLETE WORK